---
title: "Back to Racing"
date: 2025-08-10
---

I decided to get back into racing. The last race I ran was back in 2020, the [Son Kee Chung Run](https://sonkeechungrun.com/) in Seoul. After that it was Covid and then I was in India setting up the farm and I did get my runs, but I didn't register for any race. 
After years of racing and amassing 100s of finisher medals and some podium finish cups, racing just seemed meaningless. I enjoyed running. And so why register for a race and run? Just go to the river and run. 

But there are two parts for running. The run itself and the preparation for the run (weight training, speed work, hill training etc.). The prep work for a good race is very boring. Registering for a race gives you the motivation to do them. If you just go running, you would always skip the prep workouts. 

So I decided to get back to racing. I have registered for the [Gangnam Peace Marathon](https://peacemarathon.co.kr/), which will be on Oct 3rd. Since I haven't been racing recently, I didn't have any finisher certificate to prove I can complete a marathon. So I had to register myself for a half marathon. I guess once I complete this with good timing (say 1 hour 40 min), then it should get easier to register for full marathons.

I debated for sometime if I should get myself a treadmill to get some runs at home, but I finally snapped out of it. I think running by the river is fun. Though doing speed work like 400m splits might not be possible running by the river, I am not too worried as all I have registered is a half marathon, which I can anyday run with zero training.
