---
title: "Leaving Coupang"
date: 2025-02-19
---

Finally left Coupang. Coupang has been one of my best work experiences. I have learned a lot, changed my career path and became a good FP&A. I have also made some of the best friends of my life at Coupang. 

But the second stint at Coupang had some issues:

1. Comfort

Too much time in a comfortable job, makes you unemployable as you would have lost the ability to learn/adapt. There was nothing new or challenging that required deep thinking. The job became way too easy as time went on, to a point where I could just show up and make a decision in a few minutes without deep diving/thinking because I knew what was going on.

2. People around me were getting dumber. 

First stint at Coupang there was no level-inflation. Everyone was young and hungry and learning and doing crazy things. Everyone was smart and doing something that was inspiring. 

But in the second stint most of the good people left. There was level inflation. A lot of junior people who were good at junior levels got promoted to senior/direction/sr. director roles and as Peter Principle would have it, they were terrible at those levels. But they were stranded. They couldn't leave the company, as no other company would take them at the same level. And they don't want to leave and join a new company 2 levels down. So they stick along and make every thing move so slowly and add a sort of tax on those of us who want to do some work. My first manager during my second stint was a perfect specimen for this stranded by the tide and peter principle. 

3. Red Tapes everywhere

It seemed impossible to do anything without involving 25 different teams.


Now onwards I march in a new direction. 